I'm so tired.
I'm really not up to talking to anyone tonight.
All I want to do is just find my seat and enjoy the meeting.
I know Jehovah will understand if I just ran.
I am so glad to see you.
I could really use your help with preparing for my next Bible study with Lori.
Well, actually, you know, I was trying to just get to my...
Okay, so let me tell you.
Wow.
She didn't even hear me.
I don't need this right now.
This is really trying my patience.
But how many times was Jesus interrupted when he was tired?
Love is patient and kind.
Let me listen closely to what she has to say.
That's when I remember what you told me.
Really?
What did I say?
Remember, you said always be patient and kind.
So I kindly pointed out the key words of Scripture and then after asking her the question
again, I patiently waited for her to give me an answer, which, by the way, is not the
easiest thing for me to do.
But just when I thought that I couldn't wait any longer, she gave me the right answer.
She got the point.
I was so excited.
But now I'm kind of wondering, does she really believe what she said?
And if not, how am I going to help her to see the truth of the matter?
And that's where I need your help, Joanne.
I've been trying to look for articles.
I can't find anything.
Joanne, can you please help me with finding an article on how to reason with a Bible
student?
Of course.
I would be glad to help you.
Could we get together maybe tomorrow afternoon?
Thank you so much, Joanne, for being willing to help me.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you.
Bill, Carl, how are you?
Good.
How are you feeling?
Awesome.
Alex, I didn't get a chance to tell you last week, but that was a really nice job you
did on your talk.
Yeah.
Good job.
Oh, thanks, guys.
Believe me, I've been so busy.
It was hard to make time to prepare it.
Oh, tell me about it.
I think the whole congregation has had a lot going on lately.
Yeah, it has.
That's true, but I think I've been extra busy.
Why?
It was going on.
You're not sick, are you?
No, no.
It's nothing like that.
It's all this theocratic stuff, pioneering, congregation duties, and other things, like
this Saturday I need to beat the Kingdom Hall all afternoon and Saturday here.
Why?
Wait a second.
I see where this is going.
Isn't there a circuit assembly rehearsal here on Saturday?
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
So you're in the program.
Well, I'm not sure if I'm supposed to say it.
I just did.
So what is it?
You're in a demonstration of interview.
You can't just leave us hanging.
OK.
Well, it's not just an interview.
It's an interview with a reenactment.
And then they're going to ask me questions at the end.
I'm actually on stage for most of the part.
Come to think of it, guys, I am the part.
You are the part.
You sure you're not stretching that a little bit?
No, I don't think I am.
OK, Brother Jones' part is 10 minutes.
I'm up there for six.
That's more than half the part.
Anyway, so let me tell you how it's supposed to go.
They're going to ask me about this time.
I did this amazing job out in Field Service.
I walk up to the door.
Of course, I ring the bell.
But what happens?
It doesn't work.
Bill, Carl, how are you?
Good.
How are you feeling?
Awesome.
Alex, I didn't get a chance to tell you last week,
but that was a really nice job you did on your talk.
Yeah, good job.
Thanks, guys.
With Jehovah's help, it came together.
Believe me, I've been so busy.
It was hard to make time to prepare it.
Oh, tell me about it.
I think the whole congregation has had a lot going on lately.
Yeah, it has.
You both would know, aren't you both auxiliary pioneering?
How's that going?
It's going.
Actually, yesterday I was able to show one of our JW.org
videos with a man.
He said I can come back this Saturday.
I think he might even agree to a study.
You want to come with me, Alex?
You know, I'm sorry.
I'm going to be tied up for most of this Saturday,
but maybe Bill can come with.
How about it, Bill?
Sure.
I have a call to make, too.
Maybe we can do both calls together.
All right, deal.
So Bill, you got a good call, too.
Tell us about it.
Brother Harris, do you have a moment?
Sure, Fay.
How can we help you?
Well, you probably heard by now.
David and I got engaged this past weekend.
We heard.
Congratulations.
We're so happy for both of you.
Thanks so much.
And since this is where I grew up,
it would mean a lot to us if we could get married
in this kingdom hall.
So we were hoping since you're the coordinator
of the body of elders, you'd be able to let us know today
if we can use the hall.
Then David and I can start working
on our wedding invitations.
David asked me to give you this letter.
Making our official request.
Oh, yeah.
This is a good letter.
This gives me all the information I need.
And Fay, I can't imagine you getting married anywhere else.
You can count on the kingdom hall.
And I'll let the elders know I've already given my approval.
But let David know we're looking forward to your big day.
Thanks so much, Brother Harris.
I knew you'd come through for me.
Brother Harris, do you have a moment?
Sure, Fay.
How can we help you?
Well, you probably heard by now.
David and I got engaged this past weekend.
We heard, congratulations.
We're so happy for both of you.
Thanks so much.
And since this is where I grew up,
it would mean a lot to us if we could get married
in this kingdom hall.
So we were hoping since you're the coordinator
of the body of elders, you'd be able to let us know today
if we can use the hall.
Then David and I can start working
on our wedding invitations.
David asked me to give you this letter.
Making our official request.
Yes, this is a good letter.
This has all the information that we need.
I'm going to check with the other elders
and we're going to discuss it.
Then we'll get right back to you.
Oh, you mean you can't tell me right now?
I thought since you're the coordinator,
you'd have the authority to, you know.
I understand, but there is a theoretical arrangement
that we all have to follow, even the elders.
And the arrangement is for the entire service committee
to discuss this, consider the matter thoroughly,
and before any approval is given.
So I don't have the authority to make a decision on my own.
Of course, that makes sense.
I understand.
But don't worry, Faith.
We're going to get on this as soon as possible.
Then you can move forward with your wedding plans.
Thank you so much for the Harris.
I really appreciate it.
You're welcome.
I'm going to get started right on this.
OK.
Excuse me.
Larry, Frank, have either of you seen Kevin tonight?
Yes, he's over by the literature counter.
OK.
I can go get him if you'd like.
Oh, that would be great.
Thank you very much.
Larry, perhaps you've heard, a fake harder
and David Thomas have recently gotten engaged,
and they want to use the kingdom hall for their wedding.
So perhaps you and Kevin and myself
we could get together for a few minutes tonight,
and then they could move forward with their wedding plans.
Tonight?
How many times are you going to do this to us, Tom?
Do what?
Keep having these unscheduled meetings.
Look, maybe you're not so eager to get home
and spend time with your family, but some of us are.
Not want to spend time with my family?
What is that supposed to mean?
He is way out of line.
I should set him straight right now.
No, wait.
What am I thinking?
If I react poorly right now, I could
cause a major rift between us, even between our families.
And if we elders don't show love among ourselves,
imagine how this could affect the congregation.
What a dishonor that would be to Jehovah in Jesus.
What do the Scriptures say?
Do not leave your place.
Love does not become provoked.
You're right, Larry.
I'm sorry.
I just thought maybe we would take a few minutes,
but we can schedule a better time for this,
and that way we can all get home earlier.
No, Tom.
It's me that needs to apologize.
I overreacted.
Look, you're right.
Since all of us are here, it would be good for us
to take care of this if we can.
OK.
Here comes Kevin.
Let's see if he's available.
OK.
Hey, Cap.
Good to see you.
We had such a good time this morning.
Always enjoy working with you in service.
Same here.
And I hope Miss Johnson comes to the meeting this Sunday.
That would be so nice.
Hey, did you ever find your sunglasses?
No, I looked all over.
I have no idea where they could be.
Hey, Susan.
Good to see you.
You left things at my house last night.
Can you believe it?
What?
Susan had another gathering at her home last night.
And I wasn't invited again.
I just don't get it.
I really had to be yours.
Thanks again.
I'm always living my stuff behind.
And Helen, how are you doing?
I'm fine.
Sorry.
I got it.
Helen?
What just happened?
I have no idea.
Hey, Helen, got a second.
What do you want, Susan?
Helen, I feel like I must have done something
or hurt you.
And I want to apologize if I have.
Is there something wrong?
I guess you had some more of the friends over last night?
Well, yes, a few.
Do you mind telling me why I'm never invited?
Helen, I'm sorry.
I never thought.
Never thought what?
That I would have noticed how many times you've done this to me.
Well, I've noticed yesterday makes the third time
in the last couple of months.
You've had people to your home without me.
Not to mention the four other times earlier this year.
I'm so sorry, Helen.
I didn't mean to cite you in any way.
And I promise it was nothing personal.
Nothing personal.
How can you invite everybody in the congregation
over to your home for a good time, except to me,
and say that it's nothing personal?
Good evening, brothers and sisters.
We invite you to please find your seats
for our meetings about to begin.
We had such a good time this morning.
Always enjoy working with you in service.
Same here.
And I hope Ms. Johnson comes to the meeting this Sunday.
That would be so nice.
Hey, did you ever find your sunglasses?
No, I looked all over.
I have no idea what it could be.
Hey, hey, Susan.
Good to see you.
You left things at my house last night.
I should have known.
Thank you so much, Susan.
Where were they?
Wow.
Susan had another gathering at her home.
I wonder why I wasn't invited again.
Wait, that's not important.
She's so hospitable.
I'm going to pray that Jehovah continues
to bless her for it.
And maybe there's something I can do.
And how are you doing?
Fine.
How are you, Susan?
Great.
Hey, would you end you two now, Alice?
Would you like to work together in service this Saturday
and then come to my house for lunch?
That sounds so nice.
What I'd like to, I would love to.
Thank you, Helen.
What can I bring?
Both of you, just bring yourselves.
I'll have everything ready.
Oh, it sounds good.
Hi, Debbie.
I've got to tell you what I just heard yesterday.
Well, remember Bethany, who used to attend
some of our meetings years ago?
Yes.
Is she starting going back to the meetings again?
Not at all.
She left the man that she's living with
to move in with another.
Wait, you've been keeping in touch with her?
Well, no.
I haven't talked her directly.
They know where it gets around.
Anyway, can you believe it?
Debbie, we both know Bethany has done a lot of bad things
since she stopped attending the meetings.
And I really hope she makes changes and comes back.
But in the meantime, do you really think we should be
spending our time talking about all the bad things
she's doing right now?
Well, probably not.
I just figured, since we all grew up together,
you want to know how far from the truth she's gotten.
But, Debbie, love does not rejoice over unrighteousness,
but rejoices with the truth.
You know what?
You're right.
Why talk about this?
We have so many good things to talk about.
Yes, we do.
Like this morning.
Do you remember that call we went on last week?
Well, Helen and I went back again this morning
and the lady was home.
She invited us in and we placed a book.
Really?
Yes.
We even got to show her one of our videos
and she says she may come to the meeting this Sunday.
That's wonderful, I hope.
Wow, for the green.
I didn't know it was that bad.
The storm was far worse than expected.
I had already followed the order to evacuate the city.
I had no idea I'd never seen my home again.
My wife had passed away a few years before the disaster.
And I didn't have any family to stay with.
So I really didn't have anything to go back to.
So what did you do next?
Next.
Next, I learned what real love is all about.
They took all of you into their home?
Yes.
Six of us.
It wasn't easy sometimes for any of us,
but in the end, we knew we could get through anything together
because love endures all things.
Hey, John, nice to see you again.
Hey, if you don't have a seat already,
we'd love to have you join us.
Thanks.
This is what your fourth time here?
Yeah, yeah, I've just never seen anything like this before.
Like what?
Hello, John.
I just wanted to say hi and tell you how glad I am to see you here.
Thank you, sir. Nice to see you, too.
And Jimmy.
Hi, brother Thompson.
I want to thank you so much for that package you dropped off yesterday.
Chloe and I really appreciate your thoughtfulness.
Anytime, brother Thompson, anytime.
Sorry.
Don't mean it interrupt.
Just want to come over and say hello to you, both.
John, really nice to see you here.
Please keep coming.
Thanks, I will.
And Jim, as always, good to see you.
Same here, Gary.
We're still in for tomorrow, right?
Counting on it, six o'clock?
That's right.
Great.
I'll see you then.
No, where were we?
Well, I was about to say how friendly everyone is here.
And not just with me, I mean, with each other.
You people really practice what you preach.
Well, thanks, John.
You know, Jesus said for us to have love among ourselves.
And we really try our best to follow that command.
Of course, if you keep coming, you're
going to see we're not perfect.
Well, I think I've seen enough to know
that I'm ready for that Bible study you've been offering me.
Oh, that's great, John.
Good evening, brothers and sisters.
You know, let's take our seats.
And we'll talk more about the Bible study
after the meeting.
OK.